This is my $10,000 trading account, and I doubled it in less than 12 months. And I'm here to prove that you don't need luck to make profit. So, in this video, I'm opening a brand new account. You'll be able to track all profits in real time, and I'm going to build exactly the same system that I used to double my money. So, you can steal it from me and do exactly the same. But for that to happen, we need to start right now. 5 years ago, I trusted trading bots and almost lost all of my money. I tried bots that I didn't really understand inside a blackbox system, DCA, dollar cost averaging, and this was even worse because I was trading crypto. At first, it was making me money every single day. So much so, I went on holiday with my family and left all of these trusty bots running in the background. I thought it was fine and it was until May 2022, the Luna crypto crash. The DCA bots kept buying the dip, but the markets just kept dipping. My bots purchased Luna all the way to the bottom, leaving me with a huge bag of Luna coin. So the problem turned out to be pretty simple. I was trusting systems that I had absolutely no idea on how they were working inside.

Here's the road map. Step one, we're going to open the accounts. Trading View Claude, your own broker account. Step two, we're going to connect everything together in plain English. Step three, we're going to back test some strategies using AI. Step four, we're going to deploy all of these strategies, fully automate them on your accounts.

Some of the rules that we're going to be giving Claude are the things that I've learned over the past couple of years. We're going to need a minimum number of trades on our back test. I need at least 100 trades in the back test. Maximum draw down never above 20%. A good profit factor over 1.1 would be the stricter minimum. And it absolutely does need to beat the benchmark of the buy and hold of that coin.

I found that trend following strategies seem to be the easiest one for us to actually trade with algorithms. Mean reversion I found extremely hard to trade live trading often because you can't work out where the takerit is. You're using trailing stop-losses and all of these kind of things which adds rules and unpredictability to your trading strategies.

I've back tested over 2,000 strategies in the past 5 years, and over 1,600 of them absolutely failed as soon as we put them into a live market simulation. The truth is that you can't really know whether or not this is actually going to work on live markets until you've actually tested it.

Let's share a couple of things that I've learned over the past 5 years. First of all, don't marry a bot. Different strategies, different coin pairs, different time frames. When one of my strategies goes on a winning streak, the others help to cover it. Second thing, 99% of amazing back test will fail on live markets. That is exactly why we must forward test every single strategy. Number three, of course, is fees and slippage. These can eat up a live account. No matter how tiny a fee looks, this is what eats away at your edge. Always back test with fees turned on. And I would always overestimate slippage. Number four, keep away from multi-time frame and multi-takeprofit strategies. Multi-time frame strategies generally peek into the future. This is often a problem when you're new to building your own strategies, you don't realize that you are overfitting your strategy or you may have look ahead bias. If the back test does look too good to be true, it usually is. And number five, remember the importance of numbers. Draw down, profit factor, number of trades, win rate, not so much.

Unfortunately, I went through about 10% of drawdown in last December. So I'm going to be building an AI agent with one single job, and that is to turn these strategies off. It's going to keep an eye on the account, make sure it's not breaking any of my rules, and if there's any signs of this strategy dying, it will switch it off before I start giving my money back.
